feat: Support ENABLE_PROXY argument at building phrase for mirror switch (#117)
apache/apisix-docker: README.md

docker build -t apisix:${APISIX_VERSION}-alpine --build-arg APISIX_VERSION=${APISIX_VERSION} -f alpine/Dockerfile alpine
```

> > Note: For Chinese users, building the image with the build argument `ENABLE_PROXY=true` is always recommended to accelerate the progress.

Reviewer: we can add an example, help the user know how to use this parameter

Author: @membphis that's right. How about change it as below?
```suggestion
> Note: For Chinese users, the following command `docker build -t apisix:${APISIX_VERSION}-alpine --build-arg APISIX_VERSION=${APISIX_VERSION} --build-arg ENABLE_PROXY=true  -f alpine/Dockerfile alpine` is always recommended. Cause the additional build argument `ENABLE_PROXY=true` will enable proxy to accelerate the progress.
```

Reviewer: we can write the command in a new code block which is clearer

docker build -t apisix:${APISIX_VERSION}-alpine --build-arg APISIX_VERSION=${APISIX_VERSION} -f alpine/Dockerfile alpine
```

> > Note: For Chinese users, the following command `docker build -t apisix:${APISIX_VERSION}-alpine --build-arg APISIX_VERSION=${APISIX_VERSION} --build-arg ENABLE_PROXY=true -f alpine/Dockerfile alpine` is always recommended. The additional build argument `ENABLE_PROXY=true` will enable proxy to definitely accelerate the progress.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note:** For Chinese, the following command is always recommended. The additional build argument `ENABLE_PROXY=true` will enable proxy to definitely accelerate the progress.

```sh
$ docker build -t apisix:${APISIX_VERSION}-alpine --build-arg APISIX_VERSION=${APISIX_VERSION} --build-arg ENABLE_PROXY=true -f alpine/Dockerfile alpine
```

```

> > Note: For Chinese users, the following command `docker build -t apisix:${APISIX_VERSION}-alpine --build-arg APISIX_VERSION=${APISIX_VERSION} --build-arg ENABLE_PROXY=true -f alpine/Dockerfile alpine` is always recommended. The additional build argument `ENABLE_PROXY=true` will enable proxy to definitely accelerate the progress.

Author: @juzhiyuan it's better. PR renewed and thanks for the advice.
